c:\users\виталик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfMessenger.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\виталик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\виталик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\виталик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\виталик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\виталик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
c:\users\виталик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\виталик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfMessenger.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\виталик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\виталик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\виталик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\виталик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\виталик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
C:\Messenger\DesForWin\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
C:\Messenger\DesForWin\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
C:\Messenger\DesForWin\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
C:\Messenger\DesForWin\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
C:\Messenger\DesForWin\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
C:\Messenger\DesForWin\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe
C:\Messenger\DesForWin\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
C:\Messenger\DesForWin\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfMessenger.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Messenger\DesForWin\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Messenger\DesForWin\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Messenger\DesForWin\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Messenger\DesForWin\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Messenger\DesForWin\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
C:\Messenger\DesForWin\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Messenger\DesForWin\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfMessenger.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Виталик\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Виталик\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Виталик\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\FireSharp.dll
C:\Users\Виталик\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
C:\Users\Виталик\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Виталик\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
C:\Users\Виталик\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Виталик\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
C:\Users\Виталик\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Виталик\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Виталик\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
C:\Users\Виталик\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Виталик\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Виталик\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfMessenger.csproj.App.config
